README.rst, before:

SpotMe
======

A command line tool that allows you to spin up AWS EC2 Spot Instances
instantly

Background
----------

I do a lot of computation, but my computer is pretty crappy, so often I
have to spin up ec2 spot instances to do some computation. `Spot
Instances <https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/spot/>`__ are a good resource to
use AWS EC2 instances for fairly cheap, and I am very frugal. I created
this tool because I didn’t want to have to develop something on my
commandline, go to my browser and create a spot instance, then go back
to my commandline to rsync/scp everything up. This tool allows me to
stay in my commandline the whole way.

Installation
------------

To install, simply run

.. code:: bash

    pip3 install --user spotme

Setup
-----

Since ``spotcheck`` uses boto3, you’ll have to setup the same way. You
can view the `docs
here <http://boto3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guide/quickstart.html>`__

Usage
-----

To use, run

.. code:: bash

    spotme

and a series of questions will be prompted.

The result is of the form

::

    Launching spot states sir-123abcde

    +---------------------+---------------+---------------+
    | Instance Id         | Public IP     | Private IP    |
    +---------------------+---------------+---------------+
    | i-05f10faefc833c643 | x.x.x.x       | x.x.x.x       |
    +---------------------+---------------+---------------+

Repeatable Usage
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you don’t want to enter the CLI prompt every time, you can run the
CLI with the options

.. code:: bash

    spotme --InstanceType=t2.micro --SpotPrice=0.006 --InstanceCount=1 --AvailabilityZone=ca-central-1a --LaunchImageId=ami-d29e25b6 --SecurityGroup=sg-123abcd --KeyName=yourkeypair

Version
-------

-  **1.2.0**

   -  Added Key-pair name

-  **1.1.0**

   -  Added customization security group

-  **1.0.x**

   -  Fix Bugs

-  **1.0.0**

   -  First publish

Commit message:

updated readme; provided sample config

README.rst, after:

SpotMe
======

A command line tool that allows you to spin up AWS EC2 Spot Instances
instantly

Background
----------

I do a lot of computation, but my computer is pretty crappy, so often I
have to spin up ec2 spot instances to do some computation. `Spot
Instances <https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/spot/>`__ are a good resource to
use AWS EC2 instances for fairly cheap, and I am very frugal. I created
this tool because I didn’t want to have to develop something on my
commandline, go to my browser and create a spot instance, then go back
to my commandline to rsync/scp everything up. This tool allows me to
stay in my commandline the whole way.

Installation
------------

To install, simply run

.. code:: bash

    pip3 install --user spotme

Setup
-----

Since ``spotcheck`` uses boto3, you’ll have to setup the same way. You
can view the `docs
here <http://boto3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guide/quickstart.html>`__

A sample ``config`` file that is to in ``~/.aws/config`` is also in this
repository.

Usage
-----

To use, run

.. code:: bash

    spotme

and a series of questions will be prompted.

The result is of the form

::

    Launching spot states sir-123abcde

    +---------------------+---------------+---------------+
    | Instance Id         | Public IP     | Private IP    |
    +---------------------+---------------+---------------+
    | i-05f10faefc833c643 | x.x.x.x       | x.x.x.x       |
    +---------------------+---------------+---------------+

Repeatable Usage
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you don’t want to enter the CLI prompt every time, you can run the
CLI with the options

.. code:: bash

    spotme --InstanceType=t2.micro --SpotPrice=0.006 --InstanceCount=1 --AvailabilityZone=ca-central-1a --LaunchImageId=ami-d29e25b6 --SecurityGroup=sg-123abcd --KeyName=yourkeypair

Version
-------

-  **1.2.0**

   -  Added Key-pair name

-  **1.1.0**

   -  Added customization security group

-  **1.0.x**

   -  Fix Bugs

-  **1.0.0**

   -  First publish
